add HDPE water pipeline and water booster pump (#277)
PyPSA/technology-data: docs/release_notes.rst

* The "currency_year" column will now reflect the inflation adjusted currency year instead of the original currency year of the input data. (https://github.com/PyPSA/technology-data/pull/275)

> * Insert costs for water networks (https://github.com/PyPSA/technology-data/pull/277)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add cost assumptions for water network infrastructure: water pipeline HDPE and water pipeline booster pump (https://github.com/PyPSA/technology-data/pull/277)

```

That makes it clearer what technologies have been added
